Subsonic Playlist Plugin (#3425)
beetbox/beets: docs/plugins/subsonicplaylist.rst

Subsonic Playlist Plugin
========================

The ``subsonicplaylist`` plugin allows to import playlists from a subsonic server.

> This is done by retrieving the track infos from the subsonic server, searching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done by retrieving the track info from the subsonic server, searching
```

> them in the beets library and adding the playlist names to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for them in the beets library, and adding the playlist names to the
```

`subsonic_playlist` tag of the found items. The content of the tag has the format:

    subsonic_playlist: ";first playlist;second playlist"

> To get all items in a playlist use the query `;playlist name;`.

Reviewer: Wouldn't this require that there be a trailing ; in the tag as well?

Author: Your right. The example is wrong as every playlist named has a trailing semicolon

Command Line Usage
------------------

To use the ``subsonicplaylist`` plugin, enable it in your configuration (see

> :ref:`using-plugins`). Then use it by invoking the ``subsonicplaylist`` command.

Reviewer: I think it would be great to include a minimal config, with required values, here. Something like this… "Next, configure the plugin to connect to your Subsonic server, like this:"

```yaml
subsonicplaylist:
    base_url: http://subsonic.example.com
    username: me
    password: seekrit
```

"Then you can use it by invoking the `subsonicplaylist` command."

By default only the tags of the items found for playlists will be updated.
This means that, if one imported a playlist, then delete one song from it and
imported the playlist again, the deleted song will still have the playlist set
in its `subsonic_playlist` tag. To solve this problem one can use the `-d/--delete`
flag. This resets all `subsonic_playlist` tag before importing playlists.

> Options to be defined in your config with their default value::

Reviewer: This should probably be a new paragraph, saying something like "here's an example configuration with all the available options."

>     subsonicplaylist:
>         'base_url': "https://your.subsonic.server"
>         'delete': False,
>         'playlist_ids': [],
>         'playlist_names': [],
>         'username': '',
>         'password': ''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    subsonicplaylist:
        base_url: "https://your.subsonic.server"
        delete: no
        playlist_ids: []
        playlist_names: []
        username: ''
        password: ''
```

Proper YAML syntax.

Command Line Usage
------------------

To use the ``subsonicplaylist`` plugin, enable it in your configuration (see
:ref:`using-plugins`). Then use it by invoking the ``subsonicplaylist`` command.
Next, configure the plugin to connect to your Subsonic server, like this::

    subsonicplaylist:
        base_url: http://subsonic.example.com
        username: someUser
        password: somePassword

After this you can import your playlists by invoking the `subsonicplaylist` command.

By default only the tags of the items found for playlists will be updated.
This means that, if one imported a playlist, then delete one song from it and
imported the playlist again, the deleted song will still have the playlist set
in its `subsonic_playlist` tag. To solve this problem one can use the `-d/--delete`
flag. This resets all `subsonic_playlist` tag before importing playlists.

Here's an example configuration with all the available options and their default values::

    subsonicplaylist:
        base_url: "https://your.subsonic.server"
        delete: no
        playlist_ids: []
        playlist_names: []
        username: ''
        password: ''

> Parameters `base_url`, `username` and `password` must be defined!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `base_url`, `username`, and `password` options are required.
```
